The President, thank you very much.
It's an honor to have President Zelensky of Ukraine.
And we've been working very hard, very close.
So we've actually known each other for a long time.
We've been dealing with each other for a long time
and very well.
We had a little negotiation spat,
but that worked out great, I think, for both countries.
I think for the world, actually, beyond both countries.
And we have something that is a very fair deal.
And we look forward to getting in and digging,
digging, digging, and working
and getting some of the rare earth.
But it means we're going to be inside.
And it's a big commitment from the United States.
And we appreciate working with you very much.
And we will continue to do that.
We have had some very good discussions with Russia.
I spoke with President Putin.
And we're going to try and bring this to a close.
It's something that you want and that he wants.
We have to negotiate a deal.
But we've started the confines of a deal.
And I think something can happen.
The big thing is the number of soldiers,
mostly at this point, but soldiers being killed.
You're losing thousands of soldiers.
On both sides, we're losing a lot of soldiers.
And we want to see it stop.
And we want to see the money get put to different kinds of use,
like rebuilding, the rebuilding.
And we're going to be working very hard.
But we've had a lot of very good conversations.
I will say until we came along, the Biden administration
didn't speak to Russia whatsoever.
They didn't speak to anybody.
They just allowed this to continue.
And I will say that I'll say in front of you,
you've heard me say it a thousand times.
If I were President, this war would have never happened.
We would have had a deal negotiated for you
without having to go through what you've gone through.
But you, your soldiers have been unbelievably brave.
We've given them great equipment,
but they've, somebody has to use the equipment.
They've been unbelievably brave.
And we give them great credit.
This was supposed to be over very quickly.
And here we are three years later.
So I give tremendous credit to your generals
and your soldiers and yourself in the sense
that it's been very hard fighting, very tough fighting.
They're great fighters.
And you have to be very proud of them from that standpoint.
But now we want to get it over with.
It's enough, right, if we want to get it over with.
So it's an honor to have you here.
Thank you very much for coming.
We're going to sign the agreement at the conference
in the East Room in a little while, right after lunch.
And we'll be having lunch together.
We're also discussing some other things.
And we appreciate everybody being here.
It's a, somewhat of an exciting moment.
But the really exciting moment is when we get a,
when they stop the shooting and we end up with a deal.
And I think we're fairly close to getting that.
And an honor to have you.
And please, would you like to say something?
The President Trump Jr.: No, thank you so much,
Mr. President.
Thank you for your invitation.
And really, I hope that this document, first document,
will be a first step to real security guarantees for Ukraine,
our people, our children.
I really count on it.
And of course, we count that America will not stop support.
Really, for us, it's very important to support
and to continue it.
I want to discuss it with details further during our conversation
and, of course, the infrastructure or security guarantees.
Because for today, I understand what Europe is ready to do.
And of course, I want to discuss with you what United States
will be ready to do.
And I really count on your strong position to stop Putin.
And you said that enough with the war.
I think that is very important, Ben, to say these words to Putin
at the very beginning.
At the very beginning of war, because he's a killer and terrorist.
But I hope that together we can stop him.
But for us, it's very important to save our country, our values,
our freedom and democracy.
And of course, no compromises with the killer about our territories.
But it will be later.
And of course, what I wanted, you know we spoke about it by phone
with you about the drones production.
We have very good drones production.
I think the best one in the world for today because of the war.
Yes, and of course, we need very much the air defense.
You have the best air defense in the world.
And really, you helped us under attacks of Russians.
And I want to speak how we can exchange the licenses.
We're open to share the licenses of all our drones with you,
of course, with the United States.
And we need licenses for quick production of air defense.
Even after the war, we need our nation to be calm,
that we are secure.
So that's why we need this air shield.
And of course, about this, I want to speak about the contingents.
I think that France and UK already spoke to you.
And we know that Europe is ready, but without the United States,
they will not be ready to be as strong as we need.
And the last point, last not least, about exchange,
about our people and children.
And you know that this crazy Russian that they've stolen 20,000 of children,
Ukrainian children, they changed their names.
They changed their, you know, their families, relatives.
And now they're in Russia.
We want to bring them back.
And really, it's a big, big dream, task and goal for me.
And our warriors, we, by the way, Mr. President, we brought,
we exchanged, we, yes, released more than 4,000 warriors
from Russian prison, but there are thousands more in the prison.
I wanted to share with you some, some images, how, how,
just, just, can I, can I now?
Yeah, please, please.
One minute, one minute, just you to understand what, in what circumstances,
in what situation they are, and what the attitude of Russia to our prisons.
That, guys, just you, before, before and after.
And you see, before and after, just you to understand.
Now, thousands of such guys, ladies and men, there.
And that, so they don't eat, they beat them, and they, you know,
they do a lot of, a lot of, you know, bad things.
So, out of, even during the war, there are rules.
Everybody knows, there are rules during the war.
These guys, they don't have any rules, you see that.
50, 60 kilograms left, and a lot of such things.
And I didn't want to show you what, what the changes with images of children,
because I will share, just share with you.
And, I mean, it's looking tragic.
Yep, that's tough stuff.
Yeah, yeah, I wanted very much to, to give you, and you, you see.
Yeah.
This is pastor, by the way.
They stolen pastors, because it's not Russian church.
They stolen pastors and moved pastors to the prison.
We, at the end of last year, we, we brought three pastors,
and we, we could exchange them.
This is pastor, you see.
Yeah, that's tough.
Yeah, so, I mean, this, I wanted to show you, and this.
So, thank you very much.
We want to get that ended, right?
Yeah, yeah, of course, we, of course, we want to.
And I think we will.
I think we will.
And, uh...
We have to, of course.
Do you have any questions, please?
When you continue, to ask you about, Mr. President,
just a quick question.
Thank you, Mr. President.
We think that, how much money is the U.S.
going to put into the fund that is being created today?
And how does this provide long-term security for Ukraine?
Well, we don't know exactly how much,
because we're going to be putting some money in a fund
that we're going to get from the raw earth
that we're going to be taking and sharing in terms of revenue.
So, it's going to be a lot of money will be made
from the sale and from the use of raw earth.
And, as you know, our country doesn't have much raw earth.
We have a lot of oil and gas,
but we don't have a lot of the raw earth.
And what we do have is protected by the environmentalists,
but that could be unprotected.
But still, it's not very much.
They have among the best in the world, in terms of raw earth.
So, we're going to be using that, taking it,
using it for all of the things we do,
including AI and including weapons and the military.
And it's really going to very much satisfy our needs.
So, something that just worked out really well.
We have a lot of oil and we have a lot of gas.
We have a lot, but we don't have raw earth.
So, this has just about every component of the raw earth
that we need for computers, for all of the things we do.
This puts us in great shape.
The Press Presser and the long-term security program.
How is this provided?
The President Biden I think they're going to have great long.
I think once we make the agreement,
that's going to be 95 percent of it.
It's, they're not going to go back to fighting.
I've spoken with President Putin.
And I think, I mean, I feel very strong.
I've known them for a long time.
And I feel very strongly that they're very serious about it.
And we'll make a deal.
And when the deal is made, I don't think,
we talk about security.
Everyone's talking about the other day,
all they talked about was security.
I said, let me make the deal first.
I have to make the deal first.
I don't worry about security right now.
I have to, we have to have a deal.
Because right now, last week, 2,000 soldiers died on both sides.
2,000 and they're losing 1,000, 2,000, 3,000 a week.
So as we sit here and we talk,
people are getting shot and dying on the battlefield.
And you know, they're not American soldiers,
but they're Russian soldiers and they're Ukrainian soldiers.
And we want to be able to stop it.
And we want to be able also to spend money on other things.
We don't want to, this is a tremendous amount of money.
And what the Biden administration did was terrible.
They were giving money, but he had no security on the money.
Europe, as you know, gave much less money,
but they had security.
It was in the form of a loan.
They get their money back and we didn't.
And now, at least we're protected
because the American taxpayer has to be protected too.
But this is an incredible agreement for Ukraine
because we have a big investment in their country now.
And what they have, very few people have.
And we're able to really go forward with very,
very high-tech things and many other things,
including weaponry.
Weaponry that we're going to use in many locations,
but that we need for our country.
This allows us to do this.
The President, will you continue?
The President, will you continue?
The President, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I can't get in.
The President, military aid.
The President, yes, go ahead, please.
The President, if I can just add, yes.
In the document, there is one of the very important points.
If we speak about business and investment,
we never had LNG terminals in Ukraine.
This document will open.
I mean, the next document, but anyway,
here we see in the framework,
we see a really good will for this.
LNG terminals for us is very important,
and I think for security of European continent.
We have the biggest storage, gas storage.
We have the biggest in Europe, yes, and we can use it.
UGIS for LNG, use it for LNG, and we will do it.
And really, we can help Europe,
because Europe really helped.
President Trump said that they made less support.
But they have our friends,
and they are our very supportive partners.
They really gave a lot, Mr. President.
They really, they did.
The President, I think, I think.
The President, they gave a lot, but they gave much less.
No.
The President, much less.
No.
No.
The President, don't argue with them.
No.
Okay.
Okay.
The President, can you, can you, can you please?
Yeah, please.
Mr. President Trump, you have repeatedly called
the deal with Ukraine as a historical one.
And as the President of the United States,
you make historical decisions in other issues,
which affect America and other worlds.
So, what place in the world history do you want to take?
And do you associate yourself with any famous historical figures?
The President, I'd say George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
I would say I'm far superior to George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
Now, you know I'm only kidding, right?
Because when I say that, the fake news is going to go wild.
They're going to say he considers himself to be better than Washington.
But you never know.
You never know.
I don't compare myself to anybody.
I just, I'm here to do a job.
We've had a great 35 days or whatever it might be, a month, a little more than a month.
We've accomplished tremendous amounts.
Not only this, this would be a very great achievement if we could get the war stopped and get them back to normalization.
I think that's going to happen.
We've had very good talks on both sides, as you know.
But I think we've done a very good job, just generally.
If you look at all of the things we've done in 30 days, they're saying there's never been an opening for a President.
The first month, there's never been a first month like we've had.
And this is one of the very important things.
This, to me, is one of the most important things, because we have tremendous death taking place as we speak.
And I don't want to have that.
You know, think of the parents.
Think of the parents.
Whether they're in Russia or Ukraine, think of the parents of all these people being killed, needlessly.
They came to our territory.
Should have never started.
This would have, if I were President, this would have never started.
Mr. President, will you continue sending military aid?
To Ukraine after the U.S. signed this agreement with Ukraine?
Yeah, we're going to be continuing.
And the question to President Zelensky.
Do you feel like the U.S. is on your side?
That the President Trump is on your side at this, at this moment?
Go ahead.
What do you think?
He wants to know, do you think that, sort of a stupid question.
Because I guess we wouldn't be here if I wasn't.
But I think that the United States, on our side from the very beginning of occupation, and I think that President Trump on our side, and of course, I'm sure that the United States President will not stop support.
This is crucial for us.
It's important for us.
Yes.
And Putin, the President speaks about the people and the soldiers which are dying.
But they came to our territory.
They came to our land.
They began this war, and they have to stop.
And I think this is the question with really the most important question.
Can President Trump, I hope yes, with some other allies, to stop Putin, withdraw these enemies, our enemies, withdraw these troops from our land?
And I think that you asked about the history.
I think that if President Orwell, he will stop Putin.
If President Trump will bring peace to our country, I think he will be on this wall.
We've had very, very good talks.
What about military aid to Ukraine?
President Zelenskyy just said there would be no compromises with Vladimir Putin.
I just wanted to ask both of you.
Firstly, are there compromises that you think that President Zelenskyy is going to have to make?
And, President Zelenskyy, is there anything that you might be thinking that you may be able to offer or bring to the table?
For example, elections?
Thank you.
I think you're going to have to always make compromises.
You can't do any deals without compromises.
So, certainly, he's going to have to make some compromises.
But hopefully, they won't be as big as some people think
you're going to have to make.
That's all.
It's all we can do.
I'm here as an arbitrator, as a mediator, to a certain
extent, between two parties that have been very hostile.
To put it mildly, they've been very hostile.
There's been a vicious war.
There's been a vicious war.
You know, it's a very level battlefield.
And those bullets go out.
And as I've said many times, we were talking about it with
Pete, many times the only thing stopping those bullets
is a human body.
And in the case we're talking about generally young human
bodies are stopping a lot of bullets.
It's dead level.
That's why it's great farmland.
It's great land.
It's great farmland.
But there's very little protection against the
bullets that are being and other things that are being
shot.
So all I can do is see if I can get everybody at
the table and get an agreement.
And I think we're going to end up with an agreement.
Otherwise, I wouldn't probably be even here today.
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
The Pressure
I hope it will.
I mean, I hope I'm going to be remembered as a peacemaker.
This is, this would be a great thing if we could do this.
I'm doing this to save lives more than anything else.
Second is to save a lot of money.
But I've considered that to be far less important.
So I hope I'm going to thank you, Brian, for that question.
It was a nice question.
I hope I'll be known and recognized as a peacemaker.
This, this would be a great thing to solve.
This is a very dangerous situation.
You know, this could lead to a third world war.
This is, this was headed in the wrong direction.
If this election were lost, if we didn't win this election,
and by, we won it by a lot.
That was a mandate.
We won every swing state.
We won the popular vote by millions and millions of votes.
We won everything.
The districts, you, you look at the areas of, of red.
Take a look at a map.
This was a big mandate.
And this was one of the things I said,
we're going to get this thing settled.
If we didn't win, I think this would have,
this could have very well ended up in a third world war.
And that would not, that would not have been a good situation.
What was your second question?
My second question for President Zelensky.
No.
Do you ever, why don't you wear a suit?
Why?
Sir?
Why don't you wear a suit?
You're the highest level in this country's office,
and you refuse to wear a suit in this country's office,
and you refuse to wear a suit?
You own a suit?
Yeah, you have problems.
A lot of Americans have problems with you.
Really?
I don't have such.
I will wear a costume after this war will finish.
Yes, maybe, maybe something like yours, yes.
Maybe some, something better, I don't know.
We will see.
Maybe something cheaper than, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, President.
Thank you, President.
You said, Mr. President, are you going to send more arms
to Ukraine in case there's no peace?
Yeah, we're going to have arms to Ukraine, yeah, sure.
Hopefully I won't have to send very much because
hopefully we're going to have it finished.
We're looking forward to finishing this quickly.
We're not looking forward to sending a lot of arms.
We're looking forward to getting the war finished so
we can do other things.
But we very much appreciate the agreement because we
needed what they had, and we're treating, you know,
our country is now treated fairly.
Biden didn't do that.
Biden didn't, he didn't know what the hell he was doing.
This should have never happened.
This should have never started.
But, you know, sure, the answer is yes, but hopefully
we won't have to send much because I'm looking forward
to get it done, getting it done quickly, very quickly.
Does that still provide security guarantees,
Mr. President?
I don't want to talk about security yet because I
want to get the deal done.
You know, you fall into the same trap like everybody
else a million times you said over and over, I want to
get the deal done, security is so easy.
That's about 2 percent of the problem.
I'm not worried about security.
I'm worried about getting the deal done.
The security is the easy part.
Security is very nice.
Everybody stop shooting.
And now, will Europe put people there?
I know France is going to.
I know the UK is going to.
I know other countries are going to, and they happen
to be right next door.
We haven't committed, but we could conceivably.
You know, we have security in a different form.
We'll have workers there digging, digging, digging,
taking the raw earth so that we can create a lot of
great product in this country.
So, in that sense, you have something.
But we haven't determined that yet.
I will say, in speaking to France and in speaking to
the, and they were here, as you know, last week and
just the other day, they have committed to a lot of security.
I don't think you're going to need much security.
I think once this deal gets done, it's over.
Russia is not going to want to go back and nobody's
going to want to go back.
When this, when this deal ends, I really believe this
deal is, is going to be over.
Question.
Yeah.
Please go ahead.
Go ahead, please.
Yeah.
The Press, President, thank you.
The Press, President, thank you.
The Press, President Macron and Keir Starmer at the
White House this past week, both whom praised your
courage and conviction to lead the pathway towards peace.
The Press, President Macron and Keir Starmer
Thank you.
Part of that involved, though, reengaging with Russia
in diplomatic relations, something that previous leaders
lack the conviction to do so.
What gave you the moral courage and conviction
to step forward and lead that?
The President Biden Well, I love this guy.
Who are you with?
The Press 1 American News, sir.
The President Biden Well, that's why I like him.
One American News does a great job.
It's very, I like the question.
I think it's a very good question.
It is, it's a pathway to peace.
It's a pathway to getting something solved.
And I feel that as the head of this country,
I have an obligation to do that.
Plus, you know, we're very much involved.
We got involved.
It's too bad we got involved because there should have
been no involvement because there should have been no war.
And there shouldn't have been October 7th.
That would have never happened.
As you know, Iran was broke.
They had no money to give to Hezbollah.
They had no money to give to Hamas.
They were stone cold broke.
And then under Biden, they became rich as hell.
They went from no money to $300 billion in a period
of four years.
And they gave a lot of that money away.
And you see what happened.
And that's a real mess also that we hope to be able to solve.
But, no, I appreciate your question very much.
I just, I feel I have an obligation to try and do
something to stop the death.
The President Trump Jr.: If I can, if I can answer.
Yes, if I can answer.
The President Trump Jr.: Please, go ahead.
The President Trump Jr.: Please, please.
The President Trump Jr.: And I do like your clothing, by the way.
The President Trump Jr.: Yeah, really?
The President Trump Jr.: Even though I have to,
I think he's a great guy, by the way.
The President Trump Jr.: And I don't know if you two like
each other.
But you know what?
The President Trump Jr.: I think he's dressed beautiful.
I like this guy.
I don't like him.
The President Trump Jr.: I think he's dressed beautifully.
The President Trump Jr.: So I have more serious things than
answer on such question.
The President Trump Jr.: That's true.
The President Trump Jr.: I will answer on more serious
questions if I can.
The President Trump Jr.: That's a good statement.
The President Trump Jr.: Yeah.
So, please.
about security guarantees and about justice fire.
We can't just speak about this fire and speak and speak.
It will not work.
Justice fire will not never work
because I'm like a president.
I have this experience and not only me.
Ukraine, before my presidency from the 2014,
Putin broken 25 times.
25 times he broken his own signature.
Twenty-five times he broken his fire.
But he never broke to me.
He never broke to me.
No, no, you were the president.
He never broke to me.
In 2016, you've been the president, Mr. President.
You've been the president, but he had, of course, not with you,
but he had, during those periods,
he had conversations with our side,
and we had Normandy format, you know,
the France, Germany, Ukraine, and Russia,
and he broken 25 times.
That's why we will never accept just his fire.
It will not work without security guarantees.
Security guarantees, maybe the president is right
about this document and other,
but this document is not enough.
Strong army is enough because his soldiers are afraid.
Putin's soldiers are afraid of our soldiers
when we're strong enough.
If we are not strong enough, if we are empty,
if our storage is empty, we can't defend our land.
Today, you know, he knows that we have,
all the world knows that we have meeting, yes?
Why he's using ballistic?
Putin today using ballistic on our hospitals,
schools, and et cetera, ballistic.
So he knows that we are here,
and that President Trump is really,
have good will to stop, to stop this war.
And you hear now, the president,
so why he's using, so he doesn't want to stop.
He doesn't want, but I hope that we will do it,
really, we'll do it.
Security, when we speak about security guarantees,
when the Europeans are ready for contingents,
they need USA backstop.
If there will not be United States,
we will never have any contingents,
strong contingents from the Europeans,
because they don't want to divide alliance,
connection between the United States,
the main and strongest alliance, and Europeans.
This is crucial, this is important.
That's what we want to speak about very much.
This is very important.
And air defense, so air defense,
really we have big deficits with all the systems,
and we need to provide this, we need it very much.
Otherwise, Putin will never stop,
and we'll go further and further.
He doesn't want, he'll hate us, you know?
It's not about me, he hates Ukrainians.
He thinks that we are not a nation.
He thinks, and he shares this source,
I think maybe with your team also, I don't know.
But with all the Europeans in media, officially and not,
he always said that there is no such country, such nation,
such language, and such life like Ukrainian.
No, he really doesn't respect all the Ukrainians,
and he wants to destroy us.
And you are right, Mr. President, that's 2%.
This document, maybe other documents.
It's a very good start, very good,
but it will not enough to stop this person.
Should Russia pay to...
Mr. President, may I have one more question, please?
Yeah, go ahead.
I asked the President...
They have to pay this question.
This is the rule, this is the rule of the war.
This is the rule of the war.
During all the centuries, all the history,
this is the rule of the war.
Who began those pay?
This is the rule.
Putin began this war.
He has to pay all money for innovation.
He has to pay.
Of course, some Russian assets,
what we have in Europe, about 300 billions,
we can use them.
We can use it for innovation
and buy military support from the United States also.
We can do it, but it's not enough.
It's not enough.
I asked this question that you didn't like because I wanted to know...
Go ahead, please, wait one second.
I asked this question that you didn't like
because I wanted to know if you want to position yourself
in the middle between Russia and Ukraine or on the Ukraine side.
No, I'm in the middle.
I want to solve this thing.
I'm for both.
I want to get it solved.
And it's wonderful to speak badly about somebody else,
but I want to get it solved.
If we can solve it, great.
If we can't solve it, they're going to have to fight it out
and who knows what's going to happen.
But I want to see it get solved.
May I follow up?
One more question about U.S. troops in Europe.
After the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
your predecessor sent additional troops to Eastern Europe,
including Poland, my country.
Yeah.
Are you committed to keeping these troops
on the eastern flank of NATO in the future?
I'm very committed to Poland.
I think Poland has really stepped up
and done a great job for NATO.
They, as you know, they paid more than they had to.
They are one of the finest groups of people I've ever known.
I'm very committed to Poland.
What about the Baltic?
Poland's in a tough neighborhood, you know.
What about the Baltics?
The Baltics, they got a lot of, it's a tough neighborhood, too.
But we're committed.
We're going to be very committed.
And we're committed to NATO.
But NATO has to step up.
And the Europeans have to step up more than they have.
And I want to see them equalized,
because they are in for far less than we're in.
And they should be at least equal.
You understand that.
Why is the United States, we have an ocean in between.
Why is the United States in for so much more money,
and other things, as Europe?
With that being said, and as you said,
they've also been obviously very helpful.
But we have put in far more than they have.
And I think they should equalize.
The Pressure on the agenda.
The Pressure on the agenda.
What changed between the first time
that Secretary Besant gave President Zelensky
the agreement and today for the signing?
The President Obama's agenda.
The Pressure on the agenda.
The President Obama's agenda.
The President Obama's agenda.
I didn't think we were going to make a deal.
And we ended up making the deal,
so that changed.
The Pressure on the agenda.
What and how do you envision a trilateral summit
with President Zelensky ?
The President Obama's agenda?
The President Obama's agenda.
President Obama's agenda.
I don't know, but it's-
The President Obama's agenda,
but they don't like each other, I can tell you that.
Okay?
The President Obama's agenda
versus the Latest Scheune.
The President Obama's agenda.
The President Obama's agenda.
They don't like, okay?
The Almost economy.
The President Obama's agenda.
The President Obama's agenda.
The President Obama's agenda shortly thereafter.
United States, run by a man that didn't know much.
I'm going to be very nice.
Run by an incompetent person.
Very incompetent person.
Should never have allowed this to happen.
I've stopped wars.
I've stopped many wars.
My people will tell you, I stopped wars that nobody
ever heard about.
I stopped wars before they ever started.
You can look at some of the, some of, I could give
you a lot of nations that would tell you right now
they were probably going to war.
I could tell you right now there's a nation thinking
about going to war on something that nobody in this
room has ever even heard about.
Two smaller nations, but big.
Still big.
And I think I've stopped it.
But this should have never happened.
The Pressure President, do you want to talk about
about any negotiations?
First of all, I want really to tell you, and I think
that everybody understands that Ukraine, more than
Ukrainians, nobody wants to stop this war.
But in the future, any negotiations, it's
understandable that two sides of the war, not Russia and
the United States, because this is not the war between
Russia and the United States.
This is a war of Russia against Ukraine and
Ukrainian people.
So these two sides will be at any, anyway, will be at the
negotiation, a negotiation table.
Then, of course, United States, like the strongest partner of
the Ukraine.
And, of course, Europe.
I think Europe is very important.
I want to speak about it with the President.
Yes, Europe is very important for us because we really defend
Europe for today.
All the Europeans really recognize that we are defending
the line, and they have real life, and our people are dying.
That's why they helped us.
And also, it's about the nature.
Yes, between, like the President said, you have big, nice
ocean.
Yes, between us.
But if we will not stay, Russia will go further to
Baltics and to Poland, by the way.
But first to the Baltics.
It's understandable for them because they've been in the
USSR, you know, they've been one of the republics of the
USSR, and Putin wants to bring them back to his empire.
It's a fact.
And when he will go there, if we will not stay, you will
fight.
Your American soldiers, it doesn't matter.
Do you have ocean or not?
Your soldiers will fight.
Mr. President, would you be willing to visit Ukraine?
The cave or Odessa, which is known to be a 30-year
liberal class?
The President, it was my question.
The President, I don't want to talk about Odessa now.
Let's not talk about Odessa.
I want to talk about making a deal, getting peace.
We don't have to talk about Odessa.
But a lot of cities have been destroyed.
There are a lot of cities that are not recognizable.
There's not a building standing.
And a lot of things have happened.
Mr. President, you have to come and to look.
No, no, no.
We have very good cities.
Yes, a lot of things have been destroyed.
But mostly cities alive.
And people work.
And children go to school.
Sometimes it's very difficult.
Sometimes closer to front line.
Children have to go to underground schools or online.
But we live.
Ukraine is fighting.
And Ukraine lives.
This is very important.
And maybe it's Putin is sharing this information
that he destroyed us.
He lost 700,000 people.
700,000 soldiers he lost in Eversi.
Yes.
Mr. President, when did you last speak with President Putin?
Please, go ahead.
Mr. When did you last speak with President Putin?
And what did he say that he did?
A couple of days ago.
And what did he tell you that gave you the assurance
that he wanted peace?
Well, that's what I do.
My whole life is deals.
I know pretty good.
And I really, I've known him for a long time.
I've dealt with him for a long time.
He had to suffer through the Russia hoax.
You know, Russia, Russia, Russia.
It was a hoax.
It was all Biden.
It was nothing to do with him.
So he had to suffer through that.
And he was able to do that.
I think that he wants to make a deal.
And he would like to see it end.
That's all I do.
That's what I do.
My whole life, that's what I do is make deals.
And I'm in the middle of a mess.
Because this is a real mess.
It's a very dangerous one.
If this doesn't get solved now, it's not going to get solved for a long time.
So I hope we're going to get it solved.
In the back, please.
The Press.
The Press.
The Press.
Well, we actually spoke to him about that yesterday, and we thought they took it very, very much too far.
JD was very strong on it.
So was I.
So was Marco.
And we've been speaking to him about it.
Marco, would you like to say something about it?
Yeah, we have concerns, obviously, with the conduct of various, particularly as it impacts Americans.
And there's real concern that American speech, which is online, could fall into the hands of the British or any country's jurisdiction.
And so this is a point the Vice President made in Munich, and I think it's a very compelling one that unites us with Europe, as much as anything else, is these shared values, and one of them being free speech.
And so Americans are threatened by it. We're going to need to take action in that regard.
It's a very important question.
We spoke about this in detail with the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary and others at lunch yesterday, and I know that they are going to be a very important question.
It's a big question.
We spoke about this in detail with the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary and others at lunch yesterday.
And I know that the Secretary of Commerce, Lutnik, followed up in private meetings last night.
This is really important.
We believe Americans have the right to speak their mind, even if we in this room disagree with them.
They have the right to speak their mind in the public square, which is often online these days.
And we're going to defend that right as it pertains to American companies and American citizens vigorously if we have to.
I do think that under the President's leadership, we're going to find common ground with our friends in the UK on this question.
But it remains to be seen.
The principle that will guide us is we believe in free speech in this country and we'll fight for it for American citizens.
Mr. President, on the deal, is there any other oil and gas component to the deal?
Is it all critical?
A little bit. We'll see.
On LNG?
Mr. But we're not really looking for that so much. We've got a lot. We have more than anybody in the world by far.
So, no, we're not talking about it too much, but a little bit. I think it affects also. But for the most part, no.
And, sir, is there any agreement from Ukraine to purchase US LNG as part of the deal? Or is that on the table at all?
Mr. No. We don't need that.
Mr. President, I just wanted to ask you about, you just mentioned that you'd spoken to Vladimir Putin a couple of days ago.
Just to be clear, that's a new call, not the one that you're talking about.
Mr. I've spoken to him on numerous occasions.
Okay. And how was the latest call? And what did you discuss? How did it go?
Mr. Are you serious with that question?
Mr. I am. I'd love to know.
Mr. It went well. I think we're going to have a deal.
On the minerals deal, Mr. President, some of those minerals are in the east of Ukraine, not far from the front lines.
And in areas that Russia's .
Mr. A very good question. Thank you so much.
Does President Putin withdraw his forces from those areas if there are U.S. interests?
Mr. Well, we'll take a look at the time. We have a lot of area. It's a very big area we're talking about. So, we'll take a look. I'll study that, and I'll see.
And who would protect those minerals if they are U.S. interests? Would that be a U.S. interest?
Mr. They'll be protected. The agreement will protect them.
The agreement, yeah. We're signing an agreement.
Mr. So, there is a big deal, but what if Russia tries to invade or orders Russian and Russia into a spy?
Mr. I just told you, I don't think that's going to happen.
And if that were going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal.
If I thought that was going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal.
You know, they ought to focus on CNN, on survival,
not asking me these ridiculous questions.
Focus on surviving, because CNN has got such low ratings,
I don't think they're going to survive.
Let's go.
Yeah, please, go ahead.
One more.
Since I already mentioned Poland,
Poland was under Russian control for decades
after the Second World War.
When I was a kid, I looked at the United States,
not only as a most powerful country, richest country in the world,
the country that has great music, great movies, great muscle cars,
but also as a force for good.
Do you, and now I'm talking with my friends in Poland,
and they are worried that you align yourself too much with Putin.
What's your message for them?
Well, if I didn't align myself with both of them,
you'd never have a deal.
You want me to say really terrible things about Putin,
and then say, hi, Vladimir, how are we doing on the deal?
That doesn't work that way.
I'm not aligned with Putin.
I'm not aligned with anybody.
I'm aligned with the United States of America,
and for the good of the world.
I'm aligned with the world, and I want to get this thing over with.
You see the hatred he's got for Putin.
It's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hate.
He's got tremendous hatred, and I understand that,
but I can tell you the other side isn't exactly in love with,
you know, him either.
So it's not a question of alignment.
I have to, I'm aligned with the world.
I want to get the thing set.
I'm aligned with Europe.
I want to see if we can get this thing done.
You want me to be tough?
I could be tougher than any human being you've ever seen.
I'd be so tough.
But you're never going to get a deal that way.
So that's the way it goes.
All right, one more question.
Yeah, please.
The President, I want to respond to this.
So, look, for four years in the United States of America,
we had a President who stood up at press conferences
and talked tough about Vladimir Putin,
and then Putin invaded Ukraine
and destroyed a significant chunk of the country.
The path to peace and the path to prosperity
is maybe engaging in diplomacy.
We tried the pathway of Joe Biden,
of thumping our chest and pretending
that the President of the United States' words
mattered more than the President of the United States' actions.
What makes America a good country
is America engaging in diplomacy.
That's what President Trump is doing.
Can I ask you?
Sure.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
So he occupied it, our parts, big parts of Ukraine,
parts of East and Crimea.
So he occupied it on 2014.
So during a lot of years, I'm not speaking about just Biden,
but those time was Obama, then President Obama,
then President Trump, then President Biden,
and now President Trump, and God bless,
now President Trump will stop him.
But during 2014, nobody stopped him.
He just occupied and took.
He killed people.
You know what the contact line?
2015.
2014.
2014.
2014.
Yeah, yeah.
So he killed-
I was not here.
Yeah, but-
That's exactly right.
Yes, but during 2014 till 2022, was the situation the same?
That people have been dying on the contact line.
Nobody stopped him.
You know that we had conversations with him,
a lot of conversations, my bilateral conversation,
and we signed with him, me, like a new president.
In 2019, I signed with him the deal.
I signed with him, Macron, and Merkel.
We signed a ceasefire, ceasefire.
All of them told me that he will never go.
We signed him a gas contract, gas contract.
Yes, but after that, he broke the ceasefire.
He killed our people, and he didn't exchange prisoners.
We signed the exchange of prisoners, but he didn't do it.
What kind of diplomacy, J.D., you are speaking about?
What do you mean?
I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy
that's going to end the destruction of your country.
Yes, but if you are not strong-
Mr. President, Mr. President, with respect,
I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office
and try to litigate this in front of the American media.
Right now, you guys are going around and forcing conscripts
to the front lines because you have manpower problems.
You should be thanking the President for trying to bring it into this conflict.
Have you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have?
I have been to-
Come once.
I have actually watched and seen the stories, and I know that what happens is you bring people,
you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. President.
Do you disagree that you've had problems bringing people into your military?
We have problems.
Do you think that it's respectful to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America
and attack the administration that is trying to prevent the destruction of your country?
A lot of questions.
Let's start from the beginning.
Sure.
First of all, during the war, everybody has problems.
Even you.
But you have nice ocean, and don't feel now.
But you will feel it in the future.
God bless.
You don't know that.
God bless.
You will not have a war.
Don't tell us what we're going to feel.
We're trying to solve a problem.
Don't tell us what we're going to feel.
I'm not telling you.
I'm not saying on this question.
Because you're in no position to dictate that.
Remember this.
You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel.
We're going to feel very good.
You will feel influenced.
We're going to feel very good and very strong.
I'm telling you.
You will feel influenced.
You're right now not in a very good position.
You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position, and he happens to be right about it.
From the very beginning of the war, Mr. President, you're not in a good position.
You don't have the cards right now.
With us, you start having cards.
I'm not playing cards.
But right now, you don't.
You're playing cards.
I'm very serious, Mr. President.
You're playing cards.
I'm very serious.
I'm the president in war.
You're gambling with the lives of millions of people.
You're gambling with World War III.
What else?
What are you thinking about?
You're gambling with World War III.
And what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country.
This country.
It's back to you.
I'm with all respect to your country.
Far more than a lot of people said they should have.
Have you said thank you once this entire meeting?
A lot of times.
So, in this entire meeting that you said thank you, you went to Pennsylvania and campaigned
for the opposition in October.
Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America and the president who's
trying to save your country.
Please.
You think that if you will speak very loudly about the war, you can speak.
He's not speaking loudly.
He's not speaking loudly.
Your country is in big trouble.
Can I answer?
Wait a minute.
There's a lot of talking.
Your country is in big trouble.
I know.
I know.
You're not winning.
You're not winning this.
You have a damn good chance of coming out okay because of us.
Mr. President, we are staying in our country.
Staying strong from the very beginning of the war.
We've been alone.
And we are thankful.
I said thanks.
You haven't been alone.
Not only in this cabinet.
We gave you, through the stupid president, $350 billion.
You voted for your president.
We gave you military equipment.
You voted for your president.
And you men are brave.
But they had to use our military.
Yes.
What about West?
If you didn't have our military equipment.
You invited me.
You invited me to speak.
If you didn't have our military equipment, this war would have been over in two weeks.
In three days.
I heard it from Putin.
In three days.
This is something new.
Maybe less.
In two weeks.
Of course, yes.
It's going to be a very hard thing to do business like this.
I tell you, just say thank you.
I said a lot of times thank you to American people.
Except that there are disagreements.
And let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American
media when you're wrong.
We know that you're wrong.
But you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on over here.
I think it's very important.
That's why I kept this going so long.
You have to be thankful.
You don't have the cards.
I'm thankful.
You're buried there.
Your people are dying.
I can tell you.
You're running low on soldiers.
I know.
Don't, please.
You're running low on soldiers.
It would be a damn good thing.
Mr. President.
Then you tell us, I don't want a ceasefire.
I don't want a ceasefire.
I want to go.
And I wanted this.
Look, if you could get a ceasefire right now, I'd tell you, you'd take it.
So the bullets stop flying and your men stop getting killed.
Of course, we want to stop the war.
But I said to you.
But I said to you.
With guarantees.
With guarantees.
Because you'll get a ceasefire faster than an agreement.
Ask our people about ceasefire.
What do they think?
It doesn't matter for you what it means.
It wasn't with me.
It wasn't with you.
That was with a guy named Biden, who was not a smart person.
That was with Obama.
This is your president.
It was your president.
Excuse me.
That was with Obama, who gave you sheets.
And I gave you javelins.
Yes.
I gave you the javelins to take out all those tanks.
Obama gave you sheets.
In fact, the statement is, Obama gave sheets and Trump gave javelins.
You got to be more thankful.
Because let me tell you, you don't have the cards.
With us, you have the cards.
But without us, you don't have any cards.
One more question to Mr. Vice President.
I'm sorry.
It's going to be a tough deal to make.
Because the attitudes have to change.
What if Russia breaks this fire?
What if Russia breaks these talks?
What do you do then?
I understand that it's a heated conversation right now.
What are you saying?
She's asking what if Russia breaks the ceasefire?
What if they, what if anything?
What if a bomb drops on your head right now?
Okay?
What if they broke it?
I don't know.
They broke it with Biden.
Because Biden, they didn't respect him.
They didn't respect Obama.
They respect me.
Let me tell you, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me.
He went through a phony witch hunt where they used him and Russia,
Russia, Russia, Russia.
You ever hear of that deal?
That was a phony, that was a phony Hunter Biden, Joe Biden scam.
Hillary Clinton, Shifty Adam Schiff.
It was a Democrat scam.
And he had to go through that.
And he did go through it.
We didn't end up in a war.
And he went through it.
He was accused of all that stuff.
He had nothing to do with it.
It came out of Hunter Biden's bathroom.
It came out of Hunter Biden's bedroom.
It was disgusting.
And then they said, oh, oh, the laptop from hell was made by Russia.
The 51 agents.
The whole thing was a scam.
And he had to put up with that.
He was being accused of all that stuff.
All I can say is this.
He might have broken deals with Obama and Bush.
And he might have broken them with Biden.
He did, maybe.
Maybe he didn't.
I don't know what happened.
But he didn't break them with me.
He wants to make a deal.
I don't know if you can make a deal.
The problem is, I've empowered you to be a tough guy.
And I don't think you'd be a tough guy without the United States.
And your people are very brave.
But you're either going to make a deal or we're out.
And if we're out, you'll fight it out.
I don't think it's going to be pretty.
But you'll fight it out.
But you don't have the cards.
But once we sign that deal, you're in a much better position.
But you're not acting at all thankful.
And that's not a nice thing.
I'll be honest.
That's not a nice thing.
All right.
I think we've seen enough.
What do you think?
This is going to be great television.
I will say that.
All right.
We'll see what we can do about putting it together.
Thank you.
Thanks.
